Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Xiao Yun
You have some talent
But it's a pity
Who says I can't be the Son now?
I want to create the prototype of the Chaos Body on the spot
force a breakthrough
You might as well just commit suicide and apologize.
Be more respectable
I'll show you today
The mere position of the Holy Son
I'm Xiao Yun
Have whatever you want
Who said I agreed to give you a chance?
I said
Master
What did you do to my master?
he sleeps peacefully
Ditian, you want to make new grudges and old accounts
Will it all end today?
Our business
Sooner or later it will be solved
But Xiao Yun called me Master today
Whatever he wants to do
I'll let him give it a try
good
I'm right here watching his blood boil.
die suddenly
And forced a breakthrough
daydreaming
Forbes
Cast the prototype of chaos body
need to
"Chaos Sutra"
Reach level 36
When the old master "
But it took a whole
two hundred years
So senior brother, he
system
I still
That's no problem
Fortunately, I only need to break through the twenty-seventh floor
One level up
Senior Brother Xiao has made a breakthrough
Two floors
Three floors up
Did you see this? This is my apprentice.
Sixth floor
Senior Brother Xiao is indeed worthy of following
It's just that it broke through the sixth level
It's still far away from the thirty-sixth floor.
Xiao Yun is still charging upwards
Look at the top of his head
what is that
Three flowers gather at the top
What
Kind tips
Starting from the tenth floor
The host needs two epiphanies to break through each level.
What
continue the epiphany
The young master has already entered the eighteenth floor.
both of you
Go and practice next to Xiao Yun quickly
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
He can't absorb all the spiritual energy from heaven and earth.
What are you waiting for? Go and rub it now.
It's so cheap for these two girls.
Starting from the 18th floor
The host needs three enlightenments to break through each level.
Why did it suddenly get dark?
Even God can’t stand Xiao Yun.
Five Qi Chaoyuan
Our Holy Land of Chaos
There is hope for rise
When I reach this level of practice
Think about those days
It took three hundred years
They both broke through
Forbes
I am now at the second level of combat power
I am already in the cave heaven realm
It's true that one person can achieve the goal of chickens and dogs ascending to heaven.
in the future
I am Senior Brother Xiao’s number one die-hard follower
What about the vision?
Why did it disappear?
Enlightenment points exhausted
I'm actually stuck on the 35th floor.
Senior Brother Xiao
What a beautiful name
old
Meat
What a pity
Please recharge as soon as possible
Where can I recharge?
Senior brother, can he?
Received exclamation value
Reward three epiphanies
Instant epiphany
Xiao Yun
What are you dragging?
What is this vision?
avenue projection
I used to
I
Already entered the Seven Forbidden Realm
Is this the prototype of the Chaos Body?
What a genius
No
A peerless evildoer
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Dare to ask the law enforcer
I am now
Are you qualified to be a saint?
Xiao Yun, a disciple of Taishang Elder
Extraordinary talent
Create the prototype of chaos body
hereby
Agree to be promoted to Son
this
This space ring
And put it away
Thank you Holy Lord
today
I, Xiao Yun, lead the team
Expedition to the True Dragon's Nest
This trip will definitely enhance the power of my Chaos Holy Land.
Set off
Let's go
just the two of us
This is really a dragon's nest
It looks pretty ordinary.
Is it really that dangerous?
Don't be careless
When he was a teacher
Lead more than a hundred people to conquer the True Dragon's Nest
During this period, countless talents fell
Finally returned to the Holy Land
only half left
Less than ten people
Then let's go back
No need to worry
When I was a teacher
Returning laden with treasures
followers
More than a thousand people
Master is indeed a genius among geniuses
Among them
There must be many beautiful fairies
Beauty and hero
Such a good story
Disciples really want to hear it
You like to listen
Master, tell us quickly.
When he was a teacher
Break all laws with one sword
Countless beauties fall in love with me
worthy of being
Thousands of flowers
Master
He Fangxiao
Ditian
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)